# Files with space in their names
# find archive/CSRG/cd1/4.1.snap/  | sed -n '/ /s|archive/CSRG/cd1/4.1.snap/||p'  >ignore/BSD-4.1.snap-space

usr/ingres/data/base/demo/attribute   aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/dept        aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/employee    aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/indexes     aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/integrities aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/item        aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/parts       aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/protect     aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/relation    aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/sale        aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/store       aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/supplier    aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/supply      aa
usr/ingres/data/base/demo/tree        aa
usr/ingres/data/base/measure/attribute   b8
usr/ingres/data/base/measure/indexes     b8
usr/ingres/data/base/measure/integrities b8
usr/ingres/data/base/measure/protect     b8
usr/ingres/data/base/measure/relation    b8
usr/ingres/data/base/measure/tree        b8
usr/ingres/data/base/sites/attribute   92
usr/ingres/data/base/sites/indexes     92
usr/ingres/data/base/sites/integrities 92
usr/ingres/data/base/sites/protect     92
usr/ingres/data/base/sites/relation    92
usr/ingres/data/base/sites/tree        92
